FLUX's MISSION:
To make EVs practical and affordable for anyone who needs reliable, cost-effective transportation. 

Why I feel I'm the best match for this position at FLUX?

I'm mission driven, very motivated, highly productive, adhere to standards and best practices which benefit the company
by having technology that is fast, small, nimble, easy to understand and adapt. I have extensive experience with a proven
track record and have references of previous reports to and peers that can corroborate my accomplishments. I've never had
a failure due to my performance or other technological reasons. The more successful projects I've worked on have been 
those where I was given the opportunity to take them to their completion from start. I'm very frugal with resources, I do
not require purchasing software, tools, systems, etc... I try to leverage open source and also learn from others' successes
and failures. I try to follow technology trends but have a critical eye for when to apply them and when not to. For example
microservices has been the latest buzz, and they have their uses, it allows for a clean architecture and that's nice, but
we also have to take consideration for performance. It's been proven that users including myself are quite impatient with
applications that are slow and will not way for a full second for a page to load. So a great user experience that provides
good performance will lead over the competition. It is that edge that will make a customer chose you over other companies.

Responsibilities:

-Execute a vision for a seamless customer lifecycle experience, starting at vehicle selection and ordering through to bill pay and customer service
  GCP AppEngine Application, fast, easy to use, good looking, processing for backend goes in backend, application will not
    be chatty (few server trips) and process anything that can be processed in the client, enhancing the user experience and
    server performance.

-Prioritize data fidelity and IT security
  OAuth2 + Security Module, Best Practices with consideration for privacy, RBAC + the addition of Attribute based Auth, these
    are recommencations from SEI and OWASP, my security module is unique in that it covers all those aspects, while using 
    caching and it's very out of the way from the application and extremely fast, millions of checks per second on a laptop.
  Database Schema designed with this in mind, both SQL and nosql, nosql for data reception from devices, background 
    processes to import to Google sql

-Ensure that technological resources meet the company's short and long-term needs
  We can go with Google's Stack because I can deliver this much faster, and it's easier to scale automatically as needed,
    plus security appers to be better than AWS. Both are great, but in the interest of speed of delivery I'm more experienced
    here, regardless if it's 'the best' decision, we can always port over the application from appengine to aws if needed in
    the future, the code base will be decoupled enough, so that inherent dependencies can be contained in modules.

Links that show comparisons between AWS and Google, 
***TLDR; AWS is a somewhat more favored, although Google has improved somewhat the last couple of years
https://www.trustradius.com/compare-products/aws-elastic-beanstalk-vs-google-app-engine
https://sada.com/insights/blog/gae-vs-gce-deploying-app/
https://stackshare.io/stackups/aws-lambda-vs-google-app-engine
https://kinsta.com/blog/google-cloud-vs-aws/

{
    -Create timelines for the development and deployment of all technological services
    -Make executive decisions on behalf of the company's technological requirements
    -Act as a mentor to team members
    -Maintain a consumer-focused mindset
    -Manage technology budgets
    -Stay on top of technology trends and developments
    -Ensure all technology practices adhere to regulatory standards
} = Yes!

Requirements:

-8+ years working in a software development role
  25+ years of experience in technology in many industries
  
-3+ years of managerial experience
  1 year as a team lead, with many years of mentoring experience. However I've extensive leadership experience where
    I've taken several doom to fail projects and see them to completion in amazing time lines successfully

-Consumer fintech and/or automotive experience
  I used to be an auto mechanic for almost two years, I learned on my own as a teen, and was the master mechanic at a shop.
    As for fintech, I've written several applications that handle company data including accounting and invoicing systems.

-Demonstrated history of success delivering MVP product
  Any time when I'm given the opportunity I've delivered much more than a MVP, always thinking about the critical users and
    their satisfaction.

-Exceptional process management skills
  The use of my time is very focused and yields incredible productivity, for startups I've worn many hats as the company needs

-Excellent verbal and written communication
  Ability to write documentation, with diagrams, and also convey information verbally to non technical audiences, I was a 
    member of Toast Masters, so I can speak in public as well, I was also #1 salesman many months during high school selling
    encyclopaedias door to door

-Ability to delegate efficiently
  Here is where I might need a little help, I tend to take it upon myself to get things done if they don't go as fast, and
    they never go quite as fast, I've never encountered anyone that can work at my pace, I don't mean to brag, but this 
    has been my observation and experience. So I have to learn and adapt to more reasonable pace of others to better work
    in parallel


I loved this:
So why is it that when 70% of the population says they’re interested in EVs less than 3% of all purchases are actually electric? We’re out to change that with innovative customer acquisition and financing solutions.

A very reasonable question. The solution is to provide an excellent customer experience, not just technologically but 
company wide that delivers and makes evident to the customer that it is to their best advantage to engage with Flux.

